Update documentation, start with blog section (#187)
factorial-io/phabalicious: docs/guide.md

# How does phabalicious work in two sentences

> Phabalicious is using configuration stored in a special file in the root of your project (the `fabfile.yaml`) to run tasks in a shell. This shell can be provided by a docker-container, a ssh-connection, a kubernetes-pod or a local shell. This means, you can store all your devops-scripts in the fabfile and apply it to a list of configurations. Phabalicious tries to abstract away the inner workings of a configuration and give the user a handful useful commands to run common tasks, like:

Reviewer: I would search and replace kubernetes with "Kubernetes' (capital K).

 * trigger webhooks
 * send notifications via mattermost
 * optionally work with our docker-based local development-stack [multibasebox](https://github.com/factorial-io/multibasebox)
 * scaffold and deploy definition files to a kubernetes cluster (poor-mans-helm)
 * build the app into an artifact and sync that with ftp or push it to a repository

> It integrates nicely with existing solutions like for continous integration or docker-based setups or diverse hosting environments like Aquias SiteFactory, Lagoon, platform.sh, kubernetes or other complicated custom IT infrastructures.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It integrates nicely with existing solutions like for continuous integration or docker-based setups or diverse hosting environments like Acquia SiteFactory, Lagoon, platform.sh, kubernetes or other complicated custom IT infrastructures.
```
